Dear friend,

PLEASE HELP --CONFIDENTIAL

I,  Dr. Bakare Tunde, cousin of globally renowned Nigerian Astronaut, Air Force Major Usain Bolt. He was the first African in space when he performed a top secret mission to the Putnik 78 space station in 1971. He was on a later USSR spaceflight, Space Maiden T-21R to the secret Soviet military space station Salyut 3BB in 1981. He was left there in 1990 when the Soviet Union was dissolved. His other Soviet crew members returned to earth on the Hughner T-5Z, but his place was taken up by return cargo. There have been occasional Progrez supply missions to support him since that time. He is in good humor, but wants to return to his family.

During the many years that he has been stranded, he has accumulated military pay and interest amounting to nearly $ 14,000,000 in American Dollars! This is secured in a trust at The Lagos International Savings and Trust. If we manage to can gain access to this fund, we can make a down-payment with the former USSR Space Authorities for a Soyuz return flight to bring him back to Earth. It is my understanding that this will first require $ 3,000 in American Dollars. In order to enter his trust fund we need your cooperation!

Consequently, my fellow administrators and myself are willing to pay the total amount to your fund or subsequent disbursement, since we as national servants are not allowed by the Public Ethics Office (Nigerian Civil Act) from opening and/or operating foreign accounts in our guise.

Needless to specify, our trust put upon you at this moment is simply tremendous. In return, we have determined to offer you 20 percent of the transferred sum, while 10 percent shall be saved for incidental expenses (internal and external) between the parties in the course of the matter. You will be obliged to remit the cost 70% to other assets in due course.

We would be greatful for you to act quickly as we are behind schedule to endow us to include downpayment in this financial quarter.

Please respond to the reading of my breif via my direct phone number (234) 1-514-6201 only.

Yours Sincerely,
Dr. Bakare Tunde
Astronautics Project Manager
tip@nasrda.gov.ng

http://www.nasrda.gov.ng/Bakare_Tunde/
